remove deprecated DefaultAttributeSetter in otelaws (#7127)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- The deprecated `SemVersion` function in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/probability/consistent` is removed, use `Version` instead. (#7072)
- The deprecated `SemVersion` function is removed in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`, use `Version` function instead. (#7084)
- The deprecated `SemVersion` function is removed in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin`, use `Version` function instead. (#7085)

> - The deprecated `DefaultAttributeSetter` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws/attributes.go`, use `DefaultAttributeBuilder` function instead. (#7101)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The deprecated `DefaultAttributeSetter` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws` is removed, use the `DefaultAttributeBuilder` function instead. (#7127)
```

Author: My mistake, missed the keyword, and I thought that we were using the issue number instead of the PR number.
